hey you are you wasting your time on
social media again your brothers and
sisters in the slum net from Norway are
establishing a Masjid a dawa Center
establishing a Masjid to convey The
Message of Islam is one of the best
Deeds a Muslim can do there's a huge
need for it in Norway you know this and
I know this so that makes the Lord even
greater so give generously and Allah
azzawajal give you
oh
[Music]
assalamualaikum so how are you guys and
before we start I think today it's
important to note that we're in very
special days in the Islamic calendar
we're in the month
which means that there is no
days actually that good deeds are better
than these 10 days and then this hobby
that I was asking the question says
not even Jihad in the in the in the path
of Allah he says
it's not he said this is amazing it's
shocking actually well like this Hadith
is so profound
and this is by the way talking about
physical Jihad yes we're talking about
someone you know the reward for that as
well yeah and he says except foreign
who went out with himself and his monies
or his wealth and he didn't return at
all so subhanallah doing good deeds
saying subhanallah and alhamdulillah and
Allah
these things saying these because some
told us about these in particular on
these days in particular it is like
Ken's it is like a treasure well I I
have to I have to it's only right for me
to start this video by telling the
people you must yes you must take
advantage and seize this opportunity
seize this opportunity because and in
fact I'm going to give you an
opportunity to do so because it's good
to be practical as you guys know we're
working with the slam net and Islam net
we've both been there the guys are
unbelievable they're fantastic they're
so reliable they're so trustworthy and
they've they've translated the goods and
we've done videos to show that they've
translated the the fundraising money the
donations into tangible assets we went
there we went to Norway we done videos
we saw it the physical assets and it's
an expensive place the link will be
below it will take you about 20 30
seconds I think let's send that bro face
recognition boom boom finish you don't
even need to do Facebook just just go on
it click on it well like you have no
idea what this could mean for your life
in the hereafter so click the link below
do it now don't waste time in fact pause
the video do it now yes and you'll get
so much reward in this Dunya and
thereafter being drawn to the Muslim
faith is not new because it really does
it's Unapologetic in the patriarchy
right so in a hyper feminist World it
seems attractive and again Malcolm X
wrote extensively about this I mean I
don't subscribe to a lot of the appeal
of it because Islam is not true in my
worldview but that's we could discuss
that I don't think it's actually useful
of our time today but you're hitting on
something really important Patrick in a
world that has gone mad in chaos people
you're in for order now you could be too
far in the order Direction which I think
Islam goes too far I do not want to live
in a Theocratic fascist country I like
how freedom of speech I like having
dialogue I like private property rights
I like entrepreneurship that's why I
think the West is the best because you
balance order with spontaneity the first
thing is referring to Islam as a
patriarchal religion I have a mixed view
about that and I'll tell you why right
what they're trying to say is that it's
a structure which has a man as the
managerial at the top of the managerial
hierarchy as well as Christianity is a
Christian bro Christ is at the head of
church and the husband is at the end of
the household yes the book of Timothy
right but what I was going to say was
that
when we say the word page rock it has
negative conversations okay and usually
when it's used in feminist literature
and it's used in discussions it has an
oppressive undertone it has a subtext of
Oppression so that's why I personally
don't like using this term why because
when the when these people when the
enemy uses the term patriarchy they're
talking about usually an oppressive type
of relationship I know that's not the
definition of a patriarch in a strict
sense but has that kind of a connotation
it's an oppressive relationship between
men and women now we don't believe in
that in fact we believe that there is a
perfect Justice and Equity between men
and women in the complementarian system
that it is the Quran says
that do not wish what the other one has
for a man is a portion of what he has
earned and for a woman is a portion of
what she has earned and ask Allah from
his bounty meaning we don't believe in
any kind of Oppression or an oppressive
relationship between men to men or women
to men in fact Islam claims that the
opposite is going to happen that if you
follow its rules that everyone will be
happy it will be the most practical
thing because Allah the creator of the
heavens and the Earth that knows all the
all wise the all-knowing here
does he not know what he created and
he's the old subtle all aware I'll ask
the question
that he is the one who gives each person
their roles so this is the first kind of
issue and then he started using terms
which I would completely object to but
before I get to that do you want to add
anything to the patreon no I think it's
better but it's just to me it's just
very bizarre because they make these
comments which I'll show you later he's
a Christian just bear in mind he's
making he's a Christian and he's making
this he's using these words usually
liberals use and I'm a bit confused are
very interesting yeah but there's one
more thing before you because you use
the term fascist okay yeah he said I
don't want to live in the fascist or
Theocratic State I believe in freedom of
speech yeah that's that's another point
it's a real problem for him to use that
term because the word fascist has
usually nationalistic
um denotations not even conversations
here I mean fascist is usually connected
with an ethnicity or nationality or a
group of someone Islam is the most
Multicultural religion in the world yes
the prophet Muhammad
there is no virtue of a black man over a
white man or a white man or a black man
or an arable or a non-arable or non-arab
over an Arab
we have created you from a man and a
woman we've created you into tribes and
Nations so that you may get to know one
another and the best of you are those
who are the most Pious now the point is
is that I will claim this I will claim
this there is no more anti-racist
religion in the medieval period or
before that then Islam you will never
find something as unequivocal as
unambiguous as Cut Throat as it relates
to race as it relates to uh the the fact
that no race doesn't make you a better
person the color of your skin doesn't
mean the the betterment of your
character than Islam you will not find
anything in the Bible to that effect in
fact he's talking about fascism I mean I
find that shocking because if this
verses of the Bible which proved to the
contrary for example Matthew 15 21 a
woman who's a gentile a non-jew came to
him and what does she what have you got
the verse I've got this it's a Matthew
here okay yeah Matthew crying have mercy
on me okay imagine this some a woman was
coming saying have mercy on me and and
he said that it's not right for me to
give the food to the dogs or something
like that right yeah so he's calling her
dog and because they're so Gentiles as
impure people so he was dehuman he was
dehumanizing language with a non-jew all
right yes this is racism in the in the
in the current day we would call this
racism white wolf what does she do she
was asking for Mercy from what you guys
believe is a God right you're talking
about fascist religion and Islam is the
only religion which is as an anti-racist
as it is yeah so you've got
misconceptions I said what is to be uh
Muslim what an Islamic State should look
like or what it should be based on yeah
these are almost misconceptions should
we see what else and this and this is a
woman that's coming to ask for help and
it's been referred to as a dog and well
Gentile he says I came to the Starship
of Israel but the thing is very
interesting if you look at this a woman
came to the prophet sallam and she came
about complaining about her husband and
guess what God Almighty sent a
revelation down for her so compare this
to your God who a woman's coming crying
and being called the dog compare it to
the standard oppressed woman that God
Almighty hears the conversation and says
to the person indeed Allah has heard the
conversation and what did her husband
say you are like the back of my mother
did the husband hit her no because of a
statement he uttered Allah in Revelation
for her so much so that some of them say
that um once was talking to a man and
this woman came and somebody escorted it
and he scolded him he said you know who
this woman is this is a woman who Allah
said Ayah to this is how um honored this
woman here so the point is now you're
there making this it's just bizarre a
Christian person making this statements
for freedom of speech as well bro which
I find it bizarre does he really believe
that in a Christian predominantly
country imagine I'm living under the
Crusades can you imagine me coming out
and saying I'm a Muslim
you couldn't even be a Jew in Spain at
that time you had to run away
conquered Jerusalem he had to go find 80
families because there was no Jews the
Christians didn't say what he's done
here is it's very strategic because he's
he's compared a secular history exactly
with Islam why don't you prepare
Christian countries not only that he's
also comparing a secular country with
Christianity with the freedom of speech
these are not from Christianity exactly
these are liberal values so the point is
you're conflicting I think you're a good
issues yeah yes with spontaneity and
unpredictability if you just want order
you can live in Saudi Arabia but that's
not a free society and but I think the
West has gone way too far away from
having order as a Bedrock Prince I mean
this sounds like Jordan Peterson by the
way yeah if you if you if you sound if
you look at Jordan Peterson's written
works and stuff he's talking about this
order he's got these themes of Order and
Chaos and he's just taking out Jordan
Peterson's Playbook and he's
regurgitating it anymore palatable
language right but he's just taking the
psychological things and regurgitating
them the point is is that it's very
arbitrary measure isn't it who gets to
set the guidelines of where is order
where is yeah okay Andrew said through
the Western world is Christian yeah they
are against Christian values what the
hell are you talking about Christians
are flocking to it's not for that damn
reason and you're here using liberal
values that's weird yeah it's the most
fair point because like if we're in the
UK now for example that Kingdom right on
paper uh we've gotten the census data
that Christianity is a minority religion
is under 50 yes so you're talking about
America it's on the way I mean
Christianity is on the way of being a
minority religion there as well and the
systems of government are not Christian
in that sense they are secular there
there is a separation of church and
state they're not based on the Bible so
once again it's a false comparison if
you want to compare Life For Life
compare religion for religion don't
compare secularity for religiosity and
what I'll say is who I mean who makes
these the correct Criterion it's a very
Colonial narrative I think anyways
exactly because the world that they
built it in is how do we have Liberty
but also have the rootedness of Eternal
wisdom so that Liberty does not become
licentiousness and that's exactly what
we're living through is that it's no
longer the pursuit of what is good it's
the pursuit of what makes me feel good
and those are two different things so
people like Tate or people previously in
the 60s or 70s I mean you could so how
do we have it so it doesn't become
licentiousness I mean if it's already
licentiousness look at that licentious
is like lewd and sexually lewd action
right oh okay I mean in virtue ethics
they had two things irascibility and
licentiousness these are the two things
that in virtue ethics is written in the
books of for example Aristotle and so on
in the nikamaki and ethics these words
come up quite a lot but he's saying how
do we get we've already got the
degeneracy and licentiousness you know
people are now I mean what are you
talking about and frankly I mean what
are the prescriptions in Christianity
that prevent licentiousness and
irascibility and these virtues that for
thousands of years the ethicists of the
western world have been speaking about
hey this guy doesn't know what he's
talking about and he doesn't have a
prioritarian where you can judge truth
from falsehood and what he's doing is
he's basically positive thing in
somewhat of an articulate fashion okay
because I'll give him that he can speak
in a coherent manner he's positing a
value judgment at best he's given us no
barometer for being able to judge truth
from falsehood and that he's just giving
his opinion and he's pushing that
opinion for all intentimes as fact so
I'm afraid to say I'm very unimpressed
with this and Patrick Davis he should
have done a better job actually trying
to interrogate this and to and ask these
very pressing questions well this
Christian himself maybe is you know I
mean he's got a bit biased of course
he's got a lot of bias and unfortunately
he has not been able to speak uh to
Muslim people who believe in traditional
Islam okay on these matters
Joe Rogan has said that this man speaks
to anyone about anything we know for a
fact me and you that that's not the case
isn't it I mean he should invite some
Muslims to his podcast maybe they can
give some anyway yeah I mean you know
nothing about Islam I mean it's very
important beautiful Muslim yeah well I
mean whatever I mean at the end of the
day you know if you want to have a
discussion about theology we can he
decided off the discussion this guy here
I don't know his name is he said I I
don't believe it's true Islam is true on
my world here he says but that's another
discussion for another time that is the
discussion but you're afraid to have
that discussion because you know the you
know the implications of it anyway with
that we conclude
the prophet Muhammad
told us whoever builds a mosque for
Allah Allah will build for him a Sim at
the house in Jannah
and we know the great reward that will
not only be gained but rather will fill
your grave after your death whenever
someone prays there whenever someone
gives shahada in the Masjid whenever
someone learns something in the mission
yes that will be something that you'll
have on your scale